NAME                                                         READY   STATUS    RESTARTS      AGE
pod/alertmanager-prometheus-stack-kube-prom-alertmanager-0   2/2     Running   1 (9m ago)    9m49s
pod/prometheus-prometheus-stack-kube-prom-prometheus-0       2/2     Running   0             9m48s
pod/prometheus-stack-grafana-55c7cb747f-7l4vn                3/3     Running   0             10m
pod/prometheus-stack-kube-prom-operator-c6555d7c5-7cfgp      1/1     Running   0             10m
pod/prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics-9b97fb746-njwgb      1/1     Running   4 (42s ago)   10m
pod/prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter-bss8l          1/1     Running   1             10m

NAME                                                TYPE        CLUSTER-IP       EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                      AGE
service/alertmanager-operated                       ClusterIP   None             <none>        9093/TCP,9094/TCP,9094/UDP   9m49s
service/prometheus-operated                         ClusterIP   None             <none>        9090/TCP                     9m48s
service/prometheus-stack-grafana                    ClusterIP   10.99.236.198    <none>        80/TCP                       10m
service/prometheus-stack-kube-prom-alertmanager     ClusterIP   10.97.72.61      <none>        9093/TCP                     10m
service/prometheus-stack-kube-prom-operator         ClusterIP   10.104.180.218   <none>        443/TCP                      10m
service/prometheus-stack-kube-prom-prometheus       ClusterIP   10.104.121.31    <none>        9090/TCP                     10m
service/prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics         ClusterIP   10.101.187.62    <none>        8080/TCP                     10m
service/prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter   ClusterIP   10.105.226.120   <none>        9100/TCP                     10m

NAME                                                       DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   NODE SELECTOR   AGE
daemonset.apps/prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter   1         1         1       1            1           <none>          10m

NAME                                                  READY   UP-TO-DATE   AVAILABLE   AGE
deployment.apps/prometheus-stack-grafana              1/1     1            1           10m
deployment.apps/prometheus-stack-kube-prom-operator   1/1     1            1           10m
deployment.apps/prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics   1/1     1            1           10m

NAME                                                            DESIRED   CURRENT   READY   AGE
replicaset.apps/prometheus-stack-grafana-55c7cb747f             1         1         0       10m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-stack-kube-prom-operator-c6555d7c5   1         1         1       10m
replicaset.apps/prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics-9b97fb746   1         1         1       10m

NAME                                                                    READY   AGE
statefulset.apps/alertmanager-prometheus-stack-kube-prom-alertmanager   1/1     9m50s
statefulset.apps/prometheus-prometheus-stack-kube-prom-prometheus       1/1     9m49s
